Maria;Ughhh...
Rosa;Maria! What happened here!?
Rosa;What happened to the field!?
Maria;Uhh... funny story actually.
Maria;Right after you left, the tractor broke down, but I didn't want to let you down, so I decided to plow the fields by hand instead!
Maria;But, it turns out that plowing a field by hand is really difficult...
Rosa;How did the tractor break?
Maria;I don't know! I tried to turn it on, and nothing happened!
Rosa;Why didn't you just call me!?
Maria;I didn't want to bother you! This was your day off, and I wanted to make sure you had a good time!
Rosa;Alright, give me the keys. I want to see the problem for myself.
Maria;Uhhh... the keys?
Rosa;Yes. The keys to the tractor. Where are they?
Maria; That's what the keys were for?
Rosa;...
Maria;...
Rosa;...Maria?
Maria;...yes?
Rosa;Are you telling me that you couldn't start the tractor because you didn't even try to use the keys!?
Rosa;Did you not listen when I told you how to use the tractor?
Maria;Well... yeah...
Rosa;And then when you couldn't get the tractor working, your first instinct wasn't to call me or Banabus, but to try and plow the fields by hand?
Maria;...yeah?
Rosa;...
Rosa;At least you tried. We're just going to have to redo the fields again tomorrow.
Maria;I'm sorry.
Maria;I thought this would be my only chance to show you that I can do this myself, and I blew it.
Maria;I just ended up creating more work for you...
Rosa;It's not your fault. I guess I shouldn't have left you at this farm alone. Even the most capable farmers need farmhands.
Rosa;Don't worry too much about it. You'll get it one day.
Maria;Thanks abuela.
Rosa;No worries. Now come on, let's get inside.
Maria;Wait, how was it today?
Rosa;How was what?
Maria;YOUR DAY OFF!
Maria;How was it? What'd you do? Who's Donna? Where'd you go?
Rosa;It was good, but maybe not worth it if I'm going to come back to a destroyed field everytime.
Maria;No! You more than anyone deserves a break. Don't let me messing up this one time stop you from enjoying yourself.
Maria;I still have room to grow. Just you wait! Someday, I'll be able to do it all for you!
Rosa;You'll make a great farmer Maria...
Maria;Really?
Rosa;Yes. And I guess you have a point. I'll make sure to schedule more time off if that makes you happy.
Rosa;And I'll make sure Barnabus is around to help you next time.
Maria;Speaking of Barnabus, let's go to the bar!
Rosa;Huh? Why?
Maria;Uhh... So you can plan your next day off?
Rosa;Can't we do that over the phone? It's getting late.
Maria;Umm... No! We have to go in person!
Rosa;Okay, but why?
Maria;Because... I'm going to the bar and I need you there to make sure I get home at a resonable hour?
Rosa;You have been coming home rather late these last few days... Sure, I guess I can come with you this time.
Maria;Great! Let's go!