Maria;Phew, I'm finally done... I thought I'd never finish!! All that hard work paid off.
Rosa;Maria, how did it go today?
Maira;It was exhausting. This morning, right after you left, I think the tractor broke...
Rosa;The tractor broke?!
Maria;Yeah, I couldn't get it started, but...
Rosa;Why didn't you call me?
Maria;I didn't want to bother you on your day off! Besides, look! I got the job done!
Rosa;[dios mio?] Maria, did you plow all this by hand?
Maira;Yes I did!
Rosa;Goodness, Maria. I'm impressed and all, but I still think you should have called me to fix the tractor!
Rosa;Hard work is imporant, but it's also importnat to save your energy wherever you can.
Maria;Oh... Oops.
Rosa;...But again, you did some really good work today. Well done, mija.
Rosa;What a farmer you've become.
Maria;You really think so?
Rosa;I think you've always been one, mija.
Maria;Thank you, Abuela!
Rosa;Maybe I should rely on you more often. I would be nice to kick back and relax every once in a while.
Maria;Yes! Go out and have fun!
Maria;If I've learned anything here, it's that farming is hard work, and because of that, you more than anyone deserve breaks.
Rosa;...
Rosa;Thanks you, mija.
Rosa;I'm glad I have such a responsible granddaughter to help me around the garm. I'll make sure I schedule some more days off.
Maria;Yay!
Rosa;I guess I need to go fix the tractor now.
Rosa;Hand me the keys?
Maria;Uhh... the keys?
Rosa;Yes, the keys to the tractor.
Maria;THAT'S WHAT THE KEYS ARE FOR?!
Rosa;...
Maria;...
Rosa;...Maria?
Maria;...yes?
Rosa;Next time, just call me.
Maria;Okay...
Maria;Don't worry abuela, from now on, I'm going to be the most responsible granddaughter in the whole world.
Maria;I'll make sure I call you when come goes wrong.
Maria;And I'm going to stop going out so late and hanging out at the bar.
Rosa;Good. Let's get inside then.
Maria;Well, except for tonight.
Rosa;What?
Maria;WE HAVE TO GO TO THE BAR RIGHT NOW, ROSA.
Rosa;Why?
Maria;No time to explain! LET'S GET TO THE GOLDEN SHEEP. BARNABUS WILL BE THERE AND WE WILL HAVE AN AMAZING TIME!
Rosa;...
Rosa;Alright mija, let's go celebrate your hard work.
Rosa;Maybe I'll finally find out what you do so late at night.
Maria;Great! Let's go!
